.TH ZEN 1L
.SH NAME
zen \- one man command line Agile Zen story board

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zen
[\fI-h\fR] [command] [command-args]

.SH DESCRIPTION
zen implements a small Agile Zen'ish (http://www.agilezen.com) command line story board. zen has the necessary commands to add, delete, modify, close, reopen and view stories.
zen is meant to be used in one-man projects. zen keeps it's story file together with the project.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR
Show a brief help page.

.SH COMMANDS
zen understands the following commands:
.TP
\fBadd ["story" | @story]\fR
Add a new story with content from either the command line ("story") or a file (@story). If "story" or @story is omitted, launch the editor in the $ZEN_EDITOR or $EDITOR variable and use the output as the story text.
.TP
\fBclose id1 id2 .. idN\fR
Close the stories with ids id1, id2, .. idN.
.TP
\fBdelete id1 id2 .. idN\fR
Delete the stories with ids id1, id2, .. idN.
.TP
\fBinit\fR
Initialize this directory as the root directory of the zen story board.
.TP
\fBlist [all]\fR
List open stories or, if the optional 'all' argument is given, list all stories.
.TP
\fBmodify id ["story" | @story]\fR
Modify the story with id 'id'. The content is taken from either the command line ("story") or a file (@story). If "story" or @story is omitted, launch the editor in the $ZEN_EDITOR or $EDITOR variable and use the output as the story text.
.TP
\fBreopen id1 id2 .. idN\fR
Reopen the stories with ids id1, id2, .. idN.
.TP
\fBstatus [id1 id2 .. idN]\fR
Show the status of the stories with id1, id2, .. idN or, if omitted, the status of all stories.
.TP
\fBview id\fR
View the content of the story id.

.SH FILES
zen creates the following files:
.TP
\fB_zen\fR
The story file - if you delete this, all you're stories will go away ...
.TP
\fB~zenXXXXXX\fR
XXXXXX denotes something random. This is the temporary files that zen creates when adding or modifying stories. zen in general deletes these by itself but if for some reason a file cannot be delete then you can remove it by hand.

.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
