.TH BDB 1

.SH NAME
bdb - frontend to gdbm library

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bdb
[-b bsize]   [-c csize]   [-e endchar]   [-f file]  [-s separator] [-t timeout]
.B database
.B command
[key] [value]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bdb
is a simple frontend to the gdbm library. It is mainly used to handle
smaller databases.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B insert
.br
Insert content of [file] or [value] to the given [key]. The content will
not be inserted if the [key] exists in the database.

.TP
.B replace
.br
Insert or replace content of [file] or [value] to the given [key].

.TP
.B fetch
.br
Fetch content of [key].

.TP
.B exists
.br
Check whether a [key] exists or not.

.TP
.B delete
.br
Delete the content of [key] and [key] itself.

.TP
.B dump
.br
Dump the database to stdout or [file].

.TP
.B reorganize
.br
Reorganize the database. Removes keys marked for deletion.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-b blocksize"
.br
Set blocksize for this operation.

.TP
.B "-c cachesize"
.br
Set cachesize for this operation.

.TP
.B "-e endchar"
.br
When dumping a database or fetching an entry, use this char as the last
char in the pair.  See single char escape sequences below.
.br
Defaults to a newline.

.TP
.B "-f file"
.br
Get content from this file (insert, replace) or write content to this file
(fetch, dump).

.TP
.B "-s separator"
.br
When dumping a database, use this char to separate key from content.  See
single char escape sequences below.
.br
Defaults to a space.

.TP
.B "-t timeout"
.br
If the database is busy, try this amount of seconds to read or write before
failing. Setting timeout to 0 means fail immediately.

.SH "SINGLE CHAR ESCAPE SEQUENCES"
The following escape sequences can be used to option \-e and \-s. The sequences
should be surrounded by ' (single quotes).
.PP
.IP
.B "\\\\a"
Alert, decimal 7.
.IP
.B "\\\\b"
Backspace, decimal 8.
.IP
.B "\\\\f"
Formfeed, decimal 12.
.IP
.B "\\\\n"
Newline, decimal 10.
.IP
.B "\\\\r"
Carriage Return, decimal 13.
.IP
.B "\\\\t"
Horizontal Tabulator, decimal 9.
.IP
.B "\\\\v"
Vertical Tabulator, decimal 11.
.IP
.B "\\\\""
Double quote, decimal 34.
.IP
.B "\\\\'"
Single quote, decimal 39.
.IP
.B "\\\\?"
Question mark, decimal 63.
.IP
.B "\\\\\\\\"
Backslash, decimal 92.
.IP
.B "\\\\0"
ASCII Nul, decimal 0.
.IP
.B "\\\\xdd"
Hexadecimal, d [0-9a-fA-F].
.IP
.B "\\\\ddd"
Octal, d [0-7].

.SH RETURNCODES
.B bdb
returns the following values to $?:
.PP
0 - Operation succeeded.
.br
1 - Exist, operation succeeded but key was not found.
.br
2 - Operation didn't succeed.
.br
128 - Unknown command.
.br
129 - Wrong argument count (you forgot something :-)
.br
130 - Couldn't open outputfile.
.br
131 - Couldn't open database for reading or writing.
.br
132 - Couldn't set options on database.
.br
133 - No [value] given.
.br
134 - No valuefile [file] given.
.br
135 - No [key] given.
.br
140+ - A signal was caught.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.I gdbm
(3)

.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
