.TH MSYNC 1L
.SH NAME
msync \- synchronize directory tree with remote ftp server based on a timestamp

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B msync 
[\fI-f\fR] [\fI-h\fR] [command] [command-args]

.SH DESCRIPTION
msync merges two directory trees - it will overlay the source directory into the destination directory without deleting any files or directories in the destination tree. Files will be updated and new directories will be created.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-f\fR
Force operation.
.TP
\fB-h\fR
Show a brief help page.

.SH COMMANDS
msync understands the following commands:
.TP
\fBget x y z\fR
Transfer the files x, y and z from the remote host to the current directory.
.TP
\fBignore x y z\fR
Add the entries "x", "y" and "z" to the ignore list. To match a file prefix it with the directory separator character ('/' on Unix, '\\' on Windows): /wp-config.php. To match a directory prefix and suffix it with the directory separator char: /wordpress/.
.TP
\fBinfo\fR
Show info about tree.
.TP
\fBinit ftp://user:pass@host/dir | file:///path/to/dst\fR
Initialize this directory as the source directory.
.TP
\fBlock\fR
Lock tree - disable sync. Use msync unlock to remove lock.
.TP
\fBls\fR
List content of current directory on remote host.
.TP
\fBput x y z\fR
Transfer the files x, y and z from the current directory to the remote host.
.TP
\fBrm x y z\fR
Deletes the objects x, y and z in the current directory on the remote host. If object points to a directory it must be empty to be deleted. If deletion of any of the objects fails the request is terminated at that point.
.TP
\fBshow\fR
Show which files will be copied. Do NOT update the stamp file.
.TP
\fBsync\fR
Merge the files. Update the stamp file.
.TP
\fBunlock\fR
Remove lock gotten by msync lock.
.TP
\fBuptodate\fR
Mark the entire tree as being up to date.

.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
