.TH SWFFX 1
.SH NAME
swffx \- SWF Fade Effects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B swffx
[OPTIONS] [file1 file2 ... fileN]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
swffx is used to generate scripts which can be compiled by swfc (from http://www.swftools.org/). Each script describes a flash movie and each flash movie contain a "special fade effect" (* ahem *).
.PP
Currently only two special effects are defined: fade from one picture to another and fade to black and then to another picture.
.PP
Options to swffx can be given on the command line or be loaded from a script file.
.PP
Many of the options are given verbatim to swfc without any parsing.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-B image\fR
Background image.
.TP
\fB-C\fR
Files given on the command line goes before files given in the script.
.TP
\fB-E effect\fR
Which effect to define: ota (one to another) or ftb (fade to black).
.TP
\fB-F fps\fR
Frames pr. seconds such as 10, 12 or 25. The supplied value must be an integer.
.TP
\fB-N\fR
Do not run swfc after generating the swfc-script.
.TP
\fB-P\fR
Also generate a HTML test page.
.TP
\fB-S name\fR
Name of flash file to set in swfc-script.
.TP
\fB-V version\fR
Flash version to use.
.TP
\fB-X offset\fR
X offset of smaller pictures.
.TP
\fB-Y offset\fR
Y offset of smaller pictures.
.TP
\fB-b wxh\fR
Bounding box to use.  Dimension can be 100x200, 300x400 or anything you like - please note that there must no spaces in the argument!
.TP
\fB-f frames\fR
Frames length for fade - must be an integer.
.TP
\fB-h value\fR
High alpha value - must be given as an percentage value.
.TP
\fB-l value\fR
Low alpha value - must be given as an percentage value.
.TP
\fB-o file\fR
Output generated swfc-script to file.
.TP
\fB-p frames\fR
Frames length for pause between fades - must be an integer.
.TP
\fB-q quality\fR
Quality of loaded jpeg files.
.TP
\fB-s file\fR
Read options from file.
.TP
\fB-t type\fR
Type of loaded pictures (gif, jpeg or png).
.SH OPTIONS FILE
The options can also be loaded from a file. The options file is a plain text file with one or more lines of the format:
.TP
key [value]
.PP
The value can be enclosed in single or double quotes - these will be removed in the generated swfc-script file.
.TP
\fBeffect ota|ftb\fR
Which effect to define (-E).
.TP
\fBfps INT\fR
Frames pr. seconds (-F).
.TP
\fBdontrunswfc\fR
Do not run swfc after generating the swfc-script (-N).
.TP
\fBgeneratehtml\fR
Generate a HTML test page (-P)
.TP
\fBswfname name\fR
Name of flash file to set in swfc-script (-S).
.TP
\fBversion INT\fR
Flash version to use (-V).
.TP
\fBbbox wxh\fR
Bounding box to use (-b).
.TP
\fBfadeframes INT\fR
Frames length for fade (-f).
.TP
\fBhi INT%\fR
High alpha value (-h).
.TP
\fBlo INT%\fR
Low alpha value (-l).
.TP
\fBoutput file\fR
Output generated swfc-script to file (-o).
.TP
\fBpauseframes INT\fR
Frames length for pause between fades (-p).
.TP
\fBquality INT%\fR
Quality of loaded jpeg files (-q).
.TP
\fBtype gif|jpeg|png\fR
Type of loaded pictures (-t).
.TP
\fBpicture file\fR
Add picture to the animation (can be given several times to add several pictures).
.TP
\fBbackgroundimage file\fR
Background image (-B).
.TP
\fBoffsetx INT\fR
X offset of smaller pictures (-X)
.TP
\fBoffsety INT\fR
Y offset of smaller pictures (-Y)

.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
