.TH WMSHUTDOWN 1L "19 November 2010"
.SH NAME
wmshutdown \- a shutdown/reboot dock application

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wmshutdown
[\fI-h\fR] [\fIconfig-file\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
wmbutton creates a shutdown/reboot button which, when pressed, will ask the user if the user wants to shutdown or reboot the node. An option to cancel is also presented.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR
Help page.
.TP
\fBconfig-file\fR
Path to optional configuration file.

.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
The configuration file contains translations and commands specifications.
The following keys can be set in the configuration file:
.TP
\fBtitle\fR
The title to use in the dialog. Default is "Shutdown or Reboot?"
.TP
\fBmessage\fR
The message to use in the dialog. Default is "Do you want to shutdown or reboot?"
.TP
\fBshutdown.button\fR
The text on the shutdown button. Default is "Shutdown".
.TP
\fBreboot.button\fR
The text on the reboot button. Default is "Reboot".
.TP
\fBcancel.button\fR
The text on the cancel button. Default is "Cancel".
.TP
\fBshutdown.command\fR
The command to run when the shutdown option is selected. Default is "sudo /sbin/halt".
.TP
\fBreboot.command\fR
The command to run when the reboot option is selected. Default is "sudo /sbin/reboot".

.SH SETUP
Normally ordinary users cannot shutdown the system without giving a password. One way of circumvent this in a controlled manner is by doing the following:
.PP
1. Create a new group 'shutdown' which must contain the users who can shutdown this node: groupadd shutdown
.PP
2. Add users:  usermod -aG shutdown {username}
.PP
3. Add the following 3 rules to the sudoers file (using visudo):
.PP
    %shutdown ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /sbin/halt
    %shutdown ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /sbin/reboot
    %shutdown ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /sbin/shutdown
.PP
Change the paths to the halt, reboot and shutdown programs so they point to the actual programs on your system.


.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
