.TH RSC 1L
.SH NAME
rsc \- synchronize directory tree with remote rsync server

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rsc 
[\fI-h\fR] [command] [command-args]

.SH DESCRIPTION
rsc is a wrapper around rsync which gives a cvs/git/svn like command to synchronize a local directory tree with a remote directory tree.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-h\fR
Show a brief help page.

.SH COMMANDS
rsc understands the following commands:
.TP
\fBignore x y z\fR
Add the entries "x", "y" and "z" to the ignore list. To match a file prefix it with the directory separator character ('/' on Unix): /wp-config.php. To match a directory prefix and suffix it with the directory separator char: /wordpress/.
.TP
\fBinfo\fR
Show info about tree.
.TP
\fBinit user@server::module\fR
Initialize this directory as the source directory with the remote root as user@server::module
.TP
\fBlock\fR
Lock tree - disable sync. Use rsc unlock to remove lock.
.TP
\fBshow\fR
Show which files will be copied.
.TP
\fBset var value\fR
Set the specified variable to value. The following variables can be manipulated: command, module, remoteconfig, remotersync. Have a look in the .RSC/rc file to get a feel of what they should look like.
.TP
\fBsync\fR
Synchronize the local directory with the remote directory.
.TP
\fBunlock\fR
Remove lock obtained by rsc lock.

.SH CONFIGURATION
rsc expects a remote rsync to be configured. The default is that the module specifications are placed in /etc/rsync.cfg but this can be overriden by setting the remoteconfig variable.
An example of a rsync.cfg:
.TP
uid = www
.TP
gid = www
.TP
use chroot = no
.TP
read only = no
.TP
exclude from = /home/www/rsync/exclude
.TP
[web]
.TP
	path = /home/www/web

.SH AUTHOR
Brian Schau <brian@schau.dk>
